1. What findings were detected related to the brute force attack?
    Following is the observation on the brute force attach "i-06c4eea6eadb11e51 is performing SSH brute force attacks against 10.192.10.220. Brute force attacks are used to gain unauthorized access to your instance by guessing the SSH password. "
    This finding informs you that an EC2 instance in your AWS environment was involved in a brute force attack aimed at obtaining passwords to SSH services on Linux-based systems. This can indicate unauthorized access to your AWS resources.
2. Take a screenshot of the Guard Duty findings specific to the attack. Title this screenshot E3T1_guardduty.png.
    Please find attached below images E3T1_guardduty_1.png, E3T1_guardduty_2.png and E3T1_guardduty_3.png
3. Research the AWS Guard Duty documentation page and explain how GuardDuty may have detected this attack - i.e. what was its source of information?
    Amazon GuardDuty is a continuous security monitoring service that analyzes and processes the following Data sources: VPC Flow Logs, AWS CloudTrail management event logs, CloudTrail S3 data event logs, and DNS logs. It uses threat intelligence feeds, such as lists of malicious IP addresses and domains, and machine learning to identify unexpected and potentially unauthorized and malicious activity within your AWS environment. This can include issues like escalations of privileges, uses of exposed credentials, or communication with malicious IP addresses, or domains. For example, GuardDuty can detect compromised EC2 instances serving malware or mining bitcoin. It also monitors AWS account access behavior for signs of compromise, such as unauthorized infrastructure deployments, like instances deployed in a Region that has never been used, or unusual API calls, like a password policy change to reduce password strength.
    

    Remediation: If this activity is not expected for your environment and your instance's Resource Role is TARGET, this finding can be remediated by securing your SSH port to only trusted IPs through Security Groups, ACLs, or firewalls. 